Kia ora Koutou, welcome to new brighton project New Brighton Project was incorporated in 1994. We are a non profit organisation working at a grassroots level to provide relevant and positive connection opportunities for our hapori. Along with our main initiatives New Brighton Project work in collaboration with numerous other local groups and individuals to support bringing projects and activities to life. agr_2024.pdf File Size: 3491 kb File Type: pdf Download File Mission STATEMENT: ​​"To support New Brighton’s growth as a diverse and inclusive community through celebration and engagement." Our people: Kaimahi Hapori Martha Baxendell, Emily Te Aho ​ Rōpū Chairperson: Neil Langdon Secretary: Andrea Silvente Committee Members: Michaela Morrison, Charlotte Benfield, Joe Evans , Kendra Stone. ​ NBP constitution.pdf File Size: 194 kb File Type: pdf Download File our funders / SUPPORTERS: Waitai Coastal-Burwood-Linwood Community Board, Christchurch City Council, Rata Foundation, COGS,  Lotteries Foundation, Lions Club of New Brighton, Aotearoa Gaming Trust, Pub Charity, Heat Pumps and Installations. If you would like to support our mahi, you can donate to 03-0814-0209372-00 with the reference Donation, or contact us at info@nbproject.org.nz Kia ora Koutou, welcome to new brighton project New Brighton Project was incorporated in 1994. We are a non profit organisation working at a grassroots level to provide relevant and positive connection opportunities for our hapori. Along with our main initiatives New Brighton Project work in collaboration with numerous other local groups and individuals to support bringing projects and activities to life. agr_2024.pdf File Size: 3491 kb File Type: pdf Download File agr_2024.pdf File Size: 3491 kb File Type: Mission STATEMENT: ​​"To support New Brighton’s growth as a diverse and inclusive community through celebration and engagement." Our people: Kaimahi Hapori Martha Baxendell, Emily Te Aho ​ Rōpū Chairperson: Neil Langdon Secretary: Andrea Silvente Committee Members: Michaela Morrison, Charlotte Benfield, Joe Evans , Kendra Stone. ​ Martha Baxendell, Emily Te Aho ​ Neil Langdon Secretary: Andrea Silvente Committee Members: Michaela Morrison, Charlotte Benfield, Joe Evans , Kendra Stone. ​ NBP constitution.pdf File Size: 194 kb File Type: pdf Download File NBP constitution.pdf 194 kb our funders / SUPPORTERS: Waitai Coastal-Burwood-Linwood Community Board, Christchurch City Council, Rata Foundation, COGS,  Lotteries Foundation, Lions Club of New Brighton, Aotearoa Gaming Trust, Pub Charity, Heat Pumps and Installations. Christchurch City Council, Rata Foundation, COGS,  Lotteries Foundation, Lions Club of New Brighton, Aotearoa Gaming Trust, Pub Charity, Heat Pumps and Installations. If you would like to support our mahi, you can donate to 03-0814-0209372-00 with the reference Donation, or contact us at info@nbproject.org.nz