Mosaic for Rose

Kia ora New Brighton! The ‘Mosaic for Rose’ Memorial has been completed and installed! We now have a special place to remember Barbara Campbell in our community. A place where one can reflect in the peaceful gardens of the Union Street Church (Chapel of the Waves). A little bit about the project – ​As a community local, you will likely remember Rose (also known as Barbara) Campbell who was tragically killed in January 2022 in central New Brighton. As community members who live just along the road, we were devastated and shocked by Rose’s journey and the awful end to her life. We set out to create a memorial mosaic to remember her life respectfully and beautifully. We raised funds to do this in various ways. We got funding through the Christchurch NZ Organisation, and the Community Board, and many local businesses donated awesome prizes so that we could run a community raffle. The raffle alone raised $2225 and there were lots of happy winners! The project was a complete success. We wrapped up on 22/06/2024 with an unveiling of the memorial to the community at the Union Street Church where it has been installed permanently. We had a wonderful community ceremony with some singing, music and a few stories about Rose and the project, before heading inside for morning tea. There was a great turnout that included family, wider community members, the project team and also our local MP Reuben Davidson and local Councillor Celeste Donovan. We were able to return $1000 of our funding from the Christchurch NZ Organisation to be used for another local project, and we donated our remaining funds from our fundraiser raffle of $793.70 to the local Community Food Pantry - as promised in our T&Cs for the raffle. Thank you all for supporting our project, it couldn’t have been done without our community. Special thanks to New Brighton Project (Emily and Martha) who helped to get this project off the ground! Check out the photos below of our unveiling, and if you have time, stop by the garden of the Union Street Church (Chapel of the Waves) to check out the mosaic. Visit our Facebook page ( Mosaic for Rose - Raffle ) to find out more details about the artists involved and donations etc.

Final Mosaic Design 
(Inspired by Rose and New Brighton)