PREDATOR FREE NEW BRIGHTON / COASTAL KAITIAKI

Predator Free New Brighton / Coastal Kaitiaki,  is an initiative, under NBP's  umbrella. Coordinated by founder Luke Boyce, it focuses on wildlife conservation and local biodiversity through community engagement, backyard trapping, and education about our local native species and threats. We are honoured to be supporting Luke, who continues to put so much mahi and passion behind making our village part of Predator free NZ's national vision.

Predator Free New Brighton / Coastal Kaitiaki,  is an initiative, under NBP's  umbrella.

Coordinated by founder Luke Boyce, it focuses on wildlife conservation and local biodiversity through community engagement, backyard trapping, and education about our local native species and threats.

We are honoured to be supporting Luke, who continues to put so much mahi and passion behind making our village part of Predator free NZ's national vision.

ABOUT  LUKE BOYCE

New Brighton is a beautiful beachside suburb with stunning dunes, wetlands, and the second-largest public green space in Ōtautahi. PFNB's mahi aims to transform these natural spaces into sanctuaries for Aotearoa’s native species, ensuring they thrive for generations to come. ​ Our Mission: Predator Free New Brighton / Coastal Kaitiaki,  is dedicated to reducing the number of invasive pests that threaten our local wildlife. By implementing effective pest control measures, we aim to boost the populations of our native species. This effort will also help reduce predator pressure in surrounding areas like the estuary, wetlands, and Rawhiti Domain, creating a healthier ecosystem across our coastal peninsula. Get Involved: We believe in the power of community. Our goal is to have pest control traps in the backyards of 20% of the approximately 6,500 households in our area. Connect with our initiative to learn about pest control and native ecosystem preservation. Become a kaitiaki, contact us to get your own backyard trap and be connected to the national vision on the Trap NZ ap. Spread the Word, share our mission with friends and neighbours to encourage community-wide participation. Donate, your donation will contribute to material costs and equipment needed to build and maintain traps. Your support can help us achieve significant reductions in invasive species populations, enhance protections for native wildlife, and foster a strong culture of environmental stewardship in New Brighton. For more information or to get involved, please reach out to: Luke Boyce Email: mailto:predatorfreenb@gmail.com Phone: 020 4167 0979 Account details for donations: 03-0814-0209372-00 with the reference " PFNB Donation" Follow our journey on Facebook Come and get information and traps at the New Brighton Seaside Market info site, Saturdays 10am-2pm

Connect with our initiative to learn about pest control and native ecosystem preservation.

Become a kaitiaki, contact us to get your own backyard trap and be connected to the national vision on the Trap NZ ap.

Spread the Word, share our mission with friends and neighbours to encourage community-wide participation.

Donate, your donation will contribute to material costs and equipment needed to build and maintain traps.

Email: mailto:predatorfreenb@gmail.com

Phone: 020 4167 0979

Account details for donations: 03-0814-0209372-00 with the reference " PFNB Donation"

03-0814-0209372-00 with the reference " PFNB

Follow our journey on Facebook

Come and get information and traps at the New Brighton Seaside Market info site, Saturdays 10am-2pm

Natives we protect

Predators