Seaside Sounds - Community radio Seaside Sounds our local community radio station, is dedicated to informing and entertaining people throughout the area. It serves as a great tool to connect our community and keep everyone up to date on local happenings, music, and more. We’re proud to feature a range of fun shows, including Suzie Kato’s popular children’s show every Sunday morning, and Chris the Chick’s energetic live show every Saturday. The idea for Seaside Sounds emerged during the COVID pandemic when many felt isolated. Recognizing the need for connection, we decided to create a space that could bring people together through music and shared experiences. We launched the station from a local garage, initially just streaming online. Since then, Seaside Sounds has grown, moving into a dedicated studio space at 105 Brighton Mall and expanding to an FM bandwidth with our own aerial and receiver. We focus on broadcasting local content and creating opportunities for people to share stories and ideas. Our station is powered by volunteers of all ages who bring their own creative energy and skills. We believe in the value of intergenerational connections, and it’s wonderful to see people young and old building friendships and sharing experiences while working on the station. Seaside Sounds is always looking for new volunteers who are passionate about radio and enjoy working with others in the community. As a volunteer, you could host your own show, share stories, interview local people, or play music. It’s a great way to get involved, make connections, and have fun. We welcome both regular and occasional volunteers. ​For more information, please email us at info@seasidesounds.org.nz. Listen Here Facebook

Seaside Sounds - Community radio

Seaside Sounds our local community radio station, is dedicated to informing and entertaining people throughout the area. It serves as a great tool to connect our community and keep everyone up to date on local happenings, music, and more. We’re proud to feature a range of fun shows, including Suzie Kato’s popular children’s show every Sunday morning, and Chris the Chick’s energetic live show every Saturday. The idea for Seaside Sounds emerged during the COVID pandemic when many felt isolated. Recognizing the need for connection, we decided to create a space that could bring people together through music and shared experiences. We launched the station from a local garage, initially just streaming online. Since then, Seaside Sounds has grown, moving into a dedicated studio space at 105 Brighton Mall and expanding to an FM bandwidth with our own aerial and receiver. We focus on broadcasting local content and creating opportunities for people to share stories and ideas. Our station is powered by volunteers of all ages who bring their own creative energy and skills. We believe in the value of intergenerational connections, and it’s wonderful to see people young and old building friendships and sharing experiences while working on the station. Seaside Sounds is always looking for new volunteers who are passionate about radio and enjoy working with others in the community. As a volunteer, you could host your own show, share stories, interview local people, or play music. It’s a great way to get involved, make connections, and have fun. We welcome both regular and occasional volunteers. ​For more information, please email us at info@seasidesounds.org.nz.

Listen Here Facebook

Listen Here

Facebook