Seaside Market ​New Brighton Seaside Market has a warm & enjoyable atmosphere. With live entertainment, delicious food, a great variety of stalls, activities for tamariki and free face painting. You can also take a stroll along the beach and visit the Beach-side Playground. ​ Market stall fees are used to contribute to the running of the market. Any funds over this are reinvested into New Brighton Project’s other community initiatives. ​ We also hold annual special event markets. Keep an eye on our facebook page for updates

Seaside Market

​New Brighton Seaside Market has a warm & enjoyable atmosphere. With live entertainment, delicious food, a great variety of stalls, activities for tamariki and free face painting. You can also take a stroll along the beach and visit the Beach-side Playground. ​ Market stall fees are used to contribute to the running of the market. Any funds over this are reinvested into New Brighton Project’s other community initiatives. ​ We also hold annual special event markets. Keep an eye on our facebook page for updates

​New Brighton Seaside Market has a warm & enjoyable atmosphere. With live entertainment, delicious food, a great variety of stalls, activities for tamariki and free face painting. You can also take a stroll along the beach and visit the Beach-side Playground. ​

Location The Seaside Market is held in the The New Brighton Pedestrian Mall, which runs from Marine Parade opposite the clock tower to the children’s play area at the edge of the slow road. Stallholders We're always looking for new and interesting stalls holders. in particular, hand crafted and New Zealand made. Booking is essential, as space is limited. Please email info@seasidemarket.org.nz to be sent application information.

Location The Seaside Market is held in the The New Brighton Pedestrian Mall, which runs from Marine Parade opposite the clock tower to the children’s play area at the edge of the slow road.

Location

The Seaside Market is held in the The New Brighton Pedestrian Mall, which runs from Marine Parade opposite the clock tower to the children’s play area at the edge of the slow road.

Stallholders We're always looking for new and interesting stalls holders. in particular, hand crafted and New Zealand made. Booking is essential, as space is limited. Please email info@seasidemarket.org.nz to be sent application information.

Stallholders

We're always looking for new and interesting stalls holders. in particular, hand crafted and New Zealand made. Booking is essential, as space is limited. Please email info@seasidemarket.org.nz to be sent application information.